Add additional clarity around expanding the Stream resource in the inspector (#10660)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/first_2d_game/07.finishing-up.rst

click on the ``Stream`` property, select "Load", and choose the corresponding
audio file.

> All audio is automatically imported with the ``Looping`` parameter disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All audio is automatically imported with the **Loop** setting disabled.
```

Author: Apologies, you are correct, the image update is unnecessary!  I read the same comment and had concluded that the image was out-of-date and that the loop setting had moved to a different menu.

It was not apparent to me that I needed to click directly on the the ``OggVorbis`` section to expand it out.

Reviewer: No worries, it seems like an easy mistake to make. Thanks for taking the time to try to update the actual page with an improvement from the comments.

In the future if you're making a PR based on a documentation comment, it would be helpful context for reviewers to link to the comment. (FYI you can get the the github source of the giscus comment by clicking on the date and time of the comment)

If you want the music to loop seamlessly, click on the Stream file arrow,

> select ``Make Unique``, then expand the Parameters group and check the 
> ``Looping`` box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
select **Make Unique**, then expand the **Stream** resource in
the inspector by clicking on ``OggVorbis`` and enable the **Loop**
property.
```
Something like this to make it very explicit where to click. I kind of wish that the dropdown arrow menu had an **Expand** option too.

(Changing from `code` to **bold** for some of these is an unrelated style standardization that we might as well do now.)

Author: I think this will be a helpful addition, as this is what I struggled to understand.

Author: Is the below a reasonable way to describe this?  At this point in the instruction the inspector will display either ``House In a Forest Loop.ogg`` or ``gameover.wav``, rather than ``OggVorbis``, so I am looking for something else to refer to.

```
All audio is automatically imported with the **Loop** setting disabled.
If you want the music to loop seamlessly, click on the Stream file arrow,
select **Make Unique**, then expand the **Stream** resource in
the inspector by clicking on the title of the sound file you selected 
(near the colorful music note) and enable the **Loop** property.
```

Reviewer: In 4.4beta3, when I click `Make Unique`, the AudioStream does get renamed to `OggVorbis`. So IMO the suggestion I made already is fine, and mentioning the name of the sound file might be *misleading* since the visible name changes.

If we wanted to hedge against both scenarios I would do this:
```
All audio is automatically imported with the **Loop** setting disabled.
If you want the music to loop seamlessly, click on the Stream file arrow,
and select **Make Unique**. Then expand the **Stream** resource in
the inspector by clicking on the name of the stream, by the colorful
music note icon, and enable the **Loop** property.
```
I broke up the long winding sentence a bit, and used "name" rather than "title" to hedge against the case where it gets renamed to just "OggVorbis".

Note that the WAV has different properties than the OggVorbis and is much harder to set up properly to loop. I don't believe that the tutorial intends for you to enable looping on the WAV. So we don't need to account for that.

Author: Thank you - I like your version better.  I'll get it updated later today.
